arrayid	pid	title	legend	workshop	price
faloril	faloril	"Faloril, The Claw"	"Don't ever underestimate Elves, son. What your impulsive, young eye sees as irrelevant carousing and carelessness hides a profound streak of sadness for a world they see decaying with each sunrise. What Elves sing and celebrate about when around Humans and Dwarves, they mourn when alone. For some, this sadness is too strong; they expiate it by throwing themselves against their enemies with no care for their lives. Among the most dangerous warriors to come from such desperate souls are the Forest Blades, pitiless fanatics armed with exceedingly deadly swords. They are as lethal as they are silent in the hands of those who have nothing to lose in a world they no longer consider theirs."	"This incredibly beautiful sword is another high quality achievement to come from the collaboration between Calimacil and Atelier Fantastic Art. This elven-inspired sword is a masterpiece of unparalleled details. Its griffin-decorated pommel matches the sword's metallic green guard. Its black handle molds itself to fit the wielder's hands while its fine blade gives it an unequal appearance. Like all other blades issued from this exclusive partnership, this sword marries great attention for detail with it great utility as a perfectly balanced and safe sword for LARPing."	220.00
calfera	calfera	Calfera's Hammer	"She did everything she could to protect the egg. Risking her own life, she made sure nothing disturbed the precious sleep of the dragon's heir. She fought terrible warriors, faced nameless horrors, and today she had failed. The egg was cracked."	"Calfera's hammer is part of the Seyrawyn universe, created by Martial Grise. Its heads are made of hollow Calimacil foam, which makes them very safe for LARP battles. However, this lighter build do not reduce the weapon's durability. Quite the opposite, this makes, with the leather-encased handle, for a greater handling. Golden-coloured, the warhammer is full of details and shadows that give it an unseen realism."	310.00
highlander	highlander	Highlander	"The terrible battle between the MacLeod and Frazer clans, known to be one of the most important battles in the upbringing of an unified scottish nation, is now only a memory in our hearts and in our souls. Nowadays, it is like one man that we fight, all together against the English invaders. We won't let them take our land, cut our roots, drink our ale. The icon of this union, after all those battles, was more than the arm brandishing the sword. It was the blade itself. The claymore is now everywhere: in our homes, on our belts, through our enemies. The proud scottish warriors that we are will never surrender, not to the englishmen, or to anyone!"	"The Highlander III LARP claymore is a sight to behold. Its steel guard and pommel complete the brown handle, which is slightly studded for a better grip. The two-handed-length, steel-colored blade has a silver edge for an increased realism. This historical classic is extremely safe due to its unique Calimacil foam material. It will also be durable for years, without special treatment or latex use."	225.00
baruk	baruk	"Baruk, The Judge"	"The legend says that, during the ritual to crown him king, Baruk Otrygson broke the centuries-old tradition of the king using the ancestral sword, linked to his title. Wanting to show everyone he was bringing change to this world, he had himself made a new weapon to become the sign of royalty and power: an axe. A few opposed such decision, but the viking's iron will made them bend the knee one after the other. He wanted to show that he would be able to bring great change and good to their community. With this axe to his side, he achieved the feats that he is now known for."	"The new Baruk axe features a steel head with a silver edge and a golden cross. Its staff is brown with ornate details and ends with a steel pommel. The whole weapon is made of our safe and durable Calimacil foam, for years of harsh use!"	180.00
robsharp	robsharp	Rob Sharp	"The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword, says my father. But to do that, I would need a sword! The great sword of my dad, which he uses to blindly administer the justice of the North, should stay in his hands for at least a few decades... Almost all my family members have their blade, even my false brother, even my sister! Will I need to cross battlefields, rivers, countless dangerous encounters before I get my hands on one? I think even a marriage would be easier! But I will have it, one day, the sword that will make everyone jealous: my family, and even those rich neighbours. They shall see!"	"The Rob Sharp sword introduces to the world a new Calimacil blade, with a far more realistic edge, while remaining completely safe and durable with our Calimacil foam. Steel-coloured, this blade features a silver edge and a tarnished gold guard. The handle is covered with leather alike brown foam for a firmer grip and a historical look."	210.00
captaindeep	captaindeep	Captain Deep	"Far from the battlefield and far from the crusades does not mean far from danger. At sea, you need to beware of storms, krakens and reefs, but furthermore, beware of pirates. These cruel men plundering ships, drinking, and plundering again are a sight to behold. The legends says that, one night after heavy drinking, the most fearsome of all, Captain Deep, lost his precious scimitar, the same sword he used to get himself at the top of the chaotic hierarchy of the pirates. He had to get it back, before anyone heard the news. Far and wide, near deserts and high mountain tops, he looked everywhere. With time, he began to think his sword was stolen. His troubled mind never found peace, always looking for the traitor. That's why, wherever you may be, if you find a very peculiar sword, don't touch it, unless you want to awaken Captain Deep's ghost... But acquiring the most important symbol of the whole pirate world should be worth a little ghost-hunting, does it?"	"This third version of Captain Deep's scimitar is fitted with a battle-safe, iron-coloured Calimacil foam blade, and includes many small details, making it an exceptional blade. It's hilt it fitted with an octopus holding a skull and a precious ruby makes it a perfect symbol of social ranking, as well as protects the hand from any blow. The handle enables a sure and comfortable grip, and the realism of the whole sword makes it perfect for LARP use and costume props."	210.00